There’s been a breach. We’ve
gotta get everyone out of the bay.
- Go. go. go. go. go.
- Susan. no!
Susan. Susan. No.
No. no. no. no.
- Trent!
- Please. I gotta try! I gotta try.
- No one told us what happened to the ship.
- We don’t know.
We carry roughly a
four-week’s supply onboard.
We believe the
water recycling unit
can be retrofitted to work here.
We just have to repurpose it.
I demand to hear
from Captain Lester.
- Where’s the Captain?
- She’s dead.
We lost them all
in the incident.
The three of us
standing before you
are the highest ranking officers
left on this ship.
No one can find out about us.
Oxygen depletion alert.
I need you.
- Shh. You’re wasting oxygen.
- I love you.
I’m so sorry.
- I can’t fix it.
- Why can’t you fix it?
Because I’m not Jasper Dades.
I’ve been to a lot of places.
Met a lot of people there.
I believe her name was Denise.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Don’t go any closer.
Then how are we supposed
to investigate what hit us?
See what you can see
from there first.
- then tether to the CETA spur.
- Roger that.
Moving to CETA spur position.
Lane. you take right.
Scholnick. you take left.
Good RET.
RET good.
Uh. there is nothing left of
any of these cryopod bays.
Just twisted burnt mess.
Any meteor chunks. ice.
or something like that?
I know what to look for. Sharon.
I’m reading stress separation
on the wheel support trusses.
- I don’t see anything.
- Shit. I do.
Guys. the starboard truss
is cracking. Detach now.
Move. move!
Get out of there. Lane.
Lane!
I’ve got you.
pal. I’ve got you.
Scholnick. give me a hand.
- Brice. status.
- Scholnick.
I’ve lost life
readings on Scholnick.
Oh. my God.
Damn it. How’s Lane?
I’ve got him. He’s
non-responsive.
He’s taken a nasty
conk to the head.
but his helmet seems
to have held integrity.
I’ve got life signs on him.
Pulse 45. pulse ox 84.
but his BP is dangerously low.
Get him to the airlock.
I’ll meet you there.
Dr. Kabir. meet me
at airlock 23. stat.
- I broke my promise.
- What promise?
I told Scholnick’s
wife I’d keep him safe.
I’m here for my
post-cryo physical
like you asked. Dr. Kabir.
Oh. my God. Lieutenant
Lane. are you okay?
Oh. I’m fine. I’d be even better
if the doc would just let me go.
You’re not fine. You have a
head wound and a concussion.
Ouch. I had a concussion
once. when I was eight.
Worst part was my mom had
to keep waking me up like...
Uh. doc. I’ve been
waiting three hours.
Yeah. I’m sorry. I’m a little
backed up. as you can see.
Yeah. but people feel like
they’ll pass out from the heat.
Can we at least get
some air in here?
Sorry. we had to
channel the energy
from the climate control
to the bioshelter.
Food takes priority
over comfort right now.
- So you’re the girl who took over life support?
- Yeah. that’s me.
Why are you wasting
your time in here?
You look pretty healthy to me.
Well. I had an appointment
to get checked.
Look around you. girl.
Everyone’s burning up.
starving. and dying of thirst.
And you’re over here
chatting up the doc?
Well. I mean. I can’t magically
produce food or water we don’t have.
You know what people are saying?
People are saying that you murdered
that guy who had a job before you
- so you could get a better job.
- What?
I mean. I don’t even know I’d
be considered for the job.
- so that makes absolutely no sense.
- Please wait over there.
Can you believe that? There are so
many crazy rumors flying around.
- Yeah. I’ve heard them all.
- I mean. nutso stuff.
People were saying that we
were attacked. which is crazy.
We’re the furthest out anyone’s
ever been. Who could attack us?
It was obviously some
kind of meteor shower
or some other
natural occurrence.
And you know what else
people are saying?
That it was some kind of
sabotage by the same person...
Please shut up!
- You okay. doc?
- I’m sorry.
I didn’t mean to lose my temper.
All the other doctors
died in the event.
and I’m left to deal with
all these injured people
and checking everyone for
post-hibernation problems...
Have you rested at all?
Since we came out of
hibernation. no. How can I?
How can you not?
You’re only human.
Look. lock all the doors.
don’t let anyone in.
and get some sleep.
That’s an order.
Now if you’ll excuse me.
I have duties myself.
Uh. you need to stay
here for observation.
And you need to get some sleep.
Lane. how you doing?
I’ll live. How’s the ship?
Yeah. I mean. only one
cross member was affected.
There’s five more redundant
struts. so the structure’s holding.
So it’s just bad luck that it chose
to give way while we were out there?
Yeah. particularly bad
luck for Scholnick.
- He was a good guy.
- Yeah. Yeah. he was.
You were at his
wedding. weren’t you?
It feels a lifetime ago.
You know. I actually introduced
him to his wife Kayley.
After she dumped my ass.
Of course you went out with
Scholnick’s wife before he even did.
I bet you gave quite
the wedding speech.
Oh. no. No. no. no. I was
not allowed to make a speech.
You know. I do wonder if any of
them are still alive back home.
Hey. let’s just focus on the
people here on this ship.
They’re asking even more
questions after Scholnick’s death.
Rumor mill’s going
crazy. Was it sabotage?
Did the same person who killed
Jasper sabotage the ship?
We’ve gotta tell them something.
Yeah. well. unfortunately
right now all we can tell them
is we just don’t know.
- Whoa there!
- Sorry. I didn’t mean to.
Hey. you’re the girl who
took over life support.
Yes. but I can’t do anything
about the water or the...
Hey. no. they gave
me your old job.
Waste management.
so thanks for that.
Sorry. I didn’t mean
to saddle you with it.
No. no. Hey!
I mean it. Thanks.
I needed a job.
I used to work the cryopod bay.
so that job’s kind of gone.
And. look. I wanna
contribute somehow. you know?
Even if it means dealing
with people’s shit.
You know you’re supposed to take
the fecal matter to Angus. right?
He uses it as fertilizer.
You’re also responsible for
the gray water and the urine.
Yes. yes. of course. I don’t
want to forget the urine.
Hey. urine’s important.
It’s 95% water.
- Do you know that?
- No. I did not know that. I have so much to learn.
Well. the other 5% is sodium.
potassium. creatinine.
and chloride.
The only part we throw
away is the urea.
Sorry. Too much information.
No. no. no. It’s
okay. You know a lot.
I mean. where are
you from anyway?
The great island of human waste?
Cincinnati by way of London.
by way of New Africa.
by way of Amsterdam.
That’s why people can
never figure out my accent.
which is... oh.
- You were joking.
- Yep.
Sorry. I have a tendency
to be very literal.
It’s okay. It’s okay.
Anyway. I’d happy to show
you around down there.
It’s really fascinating
once you get into it.
I can’t ever see getting
into it like you.
But. hey. who knows?
You seem really into it. so
maybe that’ll rub off on me.
I’ll do my best
to rub off on you.
I mean. um. I have to go...
"I’ll do my best
to rub off on you"?
What does that even mean?
As we release these souls
to their final resting places.
into the peaceful calm of space.
let anyone who wishes to
remain and bear witness do so.
Everyone else. feel free
to pay your last respects
and go about your business.
Harris!
Stop! Stop!
Dumping human remains in space
is a waste of valuable resources
- when we could put them in the NOR drum.
- That’s genius.
- You wanna compost the remains in the NOR.
- Uh. sorry. NOR?
Natural Organic Reduction drum.
It’s an accelerated
composting mechanism.
We have one onboard to use on
the planet when we get there.
but I took it out of storage
and fired it up to compost
- what little waste we have.
- Of course you did.
Personally. I think
cannibalism is sacrilege.
Cannibalism? Who’s
talking about cannibalism?
We’d be making food
for the plants.
- Which we would then eat.
- Yeah. I’m with Mr. Strickland.
Even thinking about
this makes me feel sick.
Eject the bodies into space.
- That’s an order.
- That’s a huge mistake.
The laws of conservation
state we need use everything
- at our disposal to survive.
- Why is she here?
She’s on the council since Brice
put her in charge of life support.
- Why did you do that?
- Because she’s really frigging smart.
- Thank you.
- I already gave an order.
What happened to not
taking unilateral action?
Isn’t that what
you accused me of?
Shouldn’t we think about what
people who died would want?
Harris worked in my department.
and I think he would want
to continue to contribute
to the mission’s success.
- Isn’t this a way for him to do so?
- Okay. we’ll vote.
- I already gave an order.
- All of in favor of Angus’s plan.
raise your hand.
Opposed?
Okay. that decides that.
Take the remains
to Angus’ machine.
You had no right to override me.
I didn’t. I called a vote.
Now we have bigger fish to fry.
Oh. man. what I wouldn’t give
for an actual fish to
fry right about now.
We need to get the engines
back up to near light speed
or we won’t reach Prox B
before a one-year
journey turns to ten.
Plus. there’s a
murderer onboard.
and we still have
no idea what hit us.
People seemed particularly
freaked out by that last one.
Well. then maybe you should
go back to figuring that out
instead of just sitting
here complaining
- about who’s in charge.
- Go to hell.
Good. That went well.
- Spence! Spence. hold on.
- What?
Look. Lane. I know
you don’t like Garnet
telling you what to do. right?
But she’s not wrong.
We need to find out what hit us.
I mean. you said yourself.
people are coming up
with all kinds of
crazy explanations.
Are you not all
suspicious of Garnet?
What do you mean?
Do we even know who she is?
She didn’t train
with the rest of us.
None of us had even heard of her
until we stepped foot on this ship.
So I’m very proud to be the
commanding officer of the first ark.
Now I’d like to introduce
to you the person
you civilians will
be interfacing with.
Lieutenant Commander
Susan Ingram.
While we are on this
ship. you will be under
Global Space Administration
jurisdiction.
Of course. we will only be conscious
for a week before we go into cryo.
But in that time. I look forward
to getting to know each
and every one of you.
And now. I am truly
excited to patch us in
with the man who designed
this wonderful spacecraft.
In fact. he designed
the entire Ark Program.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Mr. William Trust.
Hello. I’m William Trust.
I wish I could be there with you
in person for this historic moment.
but. alas. I’m busy
preparing the other arks
for their future journeys.
We hope to send
as many as 20 arks
just like this one.
full of people...
I thought Trust got fired from his
own company because he went crazy.
Most geniuses are
a little crazy.
My life’s work has
always been about
making life better for mankind.
If it weren’t for him.
none of us would be here.
I guess.
But he went from genius
savior of mankind
to a guy with a god complex.
He shouldn’t be speaking
for the mission anymore.
Between the GSA
and Trust Industries.
you get to be the first to go
on the biggest adventure
in human history.
And in doing so. you may
just find us a new home.
That will be all.
Prepare for departure.
I am so excited for this
wonderful adventure.
and I promise you all I will continue
to dutifully record my Catgrams
as I’ve always done on Earth
right up until we
go into stasis.
They tell me after
five years of cryo.
I won’t have aged a day.
How wonderful is that?
Now. if you’ll excuse me.
I’ll see you on your
holos and screens...
assuming there’s anyone left
alive on Earth to receive them.
- It’s Lane. yeah. This is Trent and...
- Trent.
At ease. Gentlemen.
I’d like you to meet
the new addition to your cohort.
This is Lieutenant
Sharon Garnet.
So happy to meet you. gentlemen.
I hope you will introduce me
around once we get underway.
Of course. Looking
forward to it.
Let me introduce you to
some of the other officers.
Susan. You know
anything about this?
- What do you mean?
- Well. Lieutenant Garnet.
She just arrived today. didn’t train
with any of us. What’s her story?
All I know is she was assigned here
last minute by someone high up.
Okay. you do have a point.
I do kind of wonder who
put her on the ship.
- What are you doing?
- I’m just gonna have a lie down.
This is my quarters.
- There are only two officers quarters.
- Why?
Well. because we weren’t meant to come
out of cryo until we reached Prox B.
The sleep quarters are
for the skeleton crew
left onboard after
we go to the surface.
- Only two officers.
- Oh. I know. I know.
I know all that. I mean.
why do you get this one?
Because Garnet took
the captain’s quarters.
- so I should get this one.
- Oh. Why exactly?
Because...
Good question.
I mean. why does she get
the captain’s quarters?
Because she’s quite clearly
taken the role of acting Captain
despite your protests.
How about this?
At the next council meeting.
the three of us will draw straws
to see who gets the rooms.
Yeah. good luck with that.
What the...
What
are you doing?
You startled me.
I was just checking
the entrance logs
to see who came in here
last. but they’ve been wiped.
- I wonder who could’ve done that.
- Are you accusing me?
Everyone’s a suspect
until they’re not.
which is why you shouldn’t be
poking your nose around in here.
Come on. Felix. You know
I didn’t murder this guy.
Do I?
- I didn’t murder Jasper Dades.
- His name was Malcolm Perry.
Whatever his name was. I
had no reason to kill him.
Just the same. this
is my investigation.
I suggest you stay out of it.
You’re right. I apologize.
- I will steer clear.
- Thank you.
But let me know if you need
any help with anything. Felix.
You can start by telling me
who has clearance high enough
to wipe the logs
on a security pad.
Anyone with 1C clearance.
And who has 1C
clearance. Sharon?
Eva Markovic. Lieutenant Lane.
Lieutenant Brice. and me.
Oh!
No. No!
It took me too long to find
a shutoff valve to stop it.
- We lost a lot of water.
- How much did we lose?
Uh. I don’t know. My guess
would be more than 100 gallons.
100 gallons? That was
our drinking water.
I’m sorry. It’s my fault.
If I hadn’t insisted on the
stupid bioshelter garden...
We wouldn’t have
any water or food.
You couldn’t have
anticipated any of this.
Okay. can we recover
any of the spilt water?
Uh. maybe some of
it. if Eva can get
the water reclamation
unit working again.
Did you ask her how
long that would take?
Well. I couldn’t
find her to ask.
Wait. you couldn’t find her?
Garnet to Eva Markovic.
Markovic?
Where the hell is she?
Eva?
Eva Markovic?
Eva. there’s been a water spill.
and we need your
expertise. Oh. boy.
Are you okay?
Dr. Brandice. I could
use a little help here.
Me? Oh. um. I’m not
sure I’ll be any help.
Try.
What’s wrong?
I think there was something
between her and that man
from her department who
died in the oxygen crisis.
I think his name was Harris.
Oh. Harris. yes. I
met him on intake.
He seemed like a wonderful
guy. Handsome. too.
Uh. where did you meet him?
Come on. Don’t you want
to tell me about your man?
Must’ve been hard to have cared so much
for a man and have to keep it secret.
It must be even more difficult
to lose someone so special to you
and to keep your grief bottled up inside
because you don’t wanna get in trouble.
Oh. you want me to...
Eva. no one is gonna give you a
hard time about that relationship.
- No.
- At this point we’re all just trying to survive.
As far as I’m concerned.
that rule never existed.
and it’s stupid that
it even did exist.
- Kalemegdan Park.
- Pardon!
That’s where I met Harris.
Kalemegdan Park in Belgrade.
We both used to go
there to feed the birds.
- Before the birds were gone.
- I’ve been there.
Yeah. Beautiful park.
What a romantic place to meet.
Was Harris a romantic?
- Yeah. he was sweet.
- Mm-hmm.
So here’s what I
want you to do. Eva.
I want you to only think of
the good times with Harris.
Don’t let your mind
drift to anything sad.
Do you think you can do that?
And we need you to work
on the water reclam...
Take some time with
those happy memories.
Get a hold of yourself enough
to do what the lieutenant
here wants you to do.
And then after you do it. come
tell me all the happy stories
you can think of with
that handsome man.
There. Rewind a bit.
Yeah. that must be
where it hit us.
But the camera wasn’t damaged.
It’s still working out there.
There has to be a way
to see what it saw.
My best guess is that
whatever did this
triggered an EM pulse which
shut down the cameras.
Because look.
They came back online
sometime after the hit.
If that’s the case. there’s
no way to recover the video
- because it never recorded.
- Any progress?
- Afraid not.
- Lieutenant Lane.
do you mind if we ask
you some questions?
About what?
Where were you at 1600 ship
time the day of the murder?
- Why?
- That’s when that imposter was murdered.
What? And you think
one of us did it?
Lieutenant Brice was with me at
that time. I cannot rule you out.
Me and about 150 other
people on this ship.
The entry log in the keypad to
the room where he was killed
would have told me who entered
the room. but the log was wiped.
- And?
- And you’re one of only four people
who had access codes high
enough to wipe the information.
So where were you at that time?
I don’t have to answer
any of your questions.
- I outrank you.
- I’m not in the GSA.
You have no rank over me.
Uh. just for future reference.
Lane’s not really the
type to find the whole
"You’re not the boss of me"
argument particularly endearing.
You have to stop
blaming yourself.
I mean. you couldn’t have anticipated
a water coupling would blow.
- Did you build it?
- One of Eva’s techs did.
Then if anything.
it’s his fault.
It doesn’t much matter
whose fault it is.
We’re gonna run out of
water in about three days.
and die of thirst
in about a week.
What the heck kind
of knife is this?
That’s a hunting knife.
My dad used to hunt when there
was still game to hunt back home.
That blade is made to
kill and skin an animal.
- Why do you have it?
- It’s not mine.
It must have come
out of the pipe.
Which means someone
must have dumped it
in one of the water tanks
where they have hatch access.
Then it flowed
through the water.
got lodged there. and bam.
Oh. my gosh.
You don’t think...
You don’t think this
is the murder weapon?
We have to get this water
reclamation unit working.
Stark. check the
pressure on valve 42J.
Novak. report on
intake two and four.
- You okay. boss?
- No. Not really.
Eva. I know about
you and Harris.
I’m not blind. None of us are.
And we will all understand
if you take some time...
I don’t have time to take.
If we don’t get this thing up and
running. we all die of thirst.
Eva. you need to grieve.
I can handle this.
Can you? So why is it not
up and running already?
Well. we’re working on it.
I appreciate your
concern. Sasha. I do.
But you’re not
qualified to fix it.
Neither are you.
Everyone who was
qualified is dead.
I’m next in line.
And no offense. but
I’m the most up to date
to this ship’s engineering.
So help or get out of way.
Garnet. A word.
Just make sure you’re
on top of that.
What’s up?
Just keeping you apprised.
I’m doing another EVA.
- What? Why?
- To figure out what the hell hit us.
- Why else?
- A man died last time.
and you’re lucky you
even made it back alive.
- It’s too dangerous.
- What?
Look. we need to
know what hit us.
Send someone else. You’re too
important. You’re our only navigator.
- Fine. I’ll go.
- You already have a concussion.
- Send Leighton.
- What? No. No. no. no.
I’m not sending someone else to
do something I wouldn’t do myself.
I’m not dragging anyone with me and
risk having another person lost.
But you’re fine with it
being you who’s lost.
- Please don’t do this.
- Is that an order?
Call it whatever you
want. Just don’t do it.
- Give me your word.
- Fine.
- You’re doing it. right?
- Oh. yeah. Soon as shift changes.
Mind?
So was that knife I
found the murder weapon?
Could you get
fingerprints off it? DNA?
It’s not like we have
a crime lab on board.
Right. sorry. Of course not.
- But. yes. it is the murder weapon.
- How do you know?
Hook blade matches the shape of
the wound on the victim’s throat.
I checked the manifest.
There are no knives
with this blade shape that
are supposed to be onboard.
So someone smuggled it on?
- Doesn’t that mean it was premeditated?
- I don’t know.
- Why should you get any water. huh?
- Because I’m thirsty.
It’s your fault we lost most of
it. You and your stupid farm.
- Please. Give it back.
- Give it back.
- Make me.
- If you insist.
Break it up!
Thanks.
I say we lock them all up
before they cause more trouble.
Are you going to lock me up.
too? I threw the second punch.
Where would we put them
anyways? We don’t have a brig.
The only prisoner we ever had.
we locked in a storage closet.
Which didn’t go so well for him.
Besides. this is an all
hands on deck situation.
We need everyone
doing their jobs.
We can’t risk them making
trouble. It would be chaos.
Look. we’re all on edge. sleep
deprived. hungry. thirsty.
This kind of behavior
is only a symptom.
We need to address the cause.
And how do you
suggest we do that?
There you are. Glad to see
one of us getting some rest.
Yes. Sleep is so important.
Skin tone. hair
shininess. whiter eyes.
- You should get some sleep.
- Will it help me save this ship and everybody on it?
Feeling a little
self-important are we?
- Dr. Brandice...
- It’s Cat to my friends.
I get the feeling
you need a friend.
I don’t know if you’ve noticed.
but the crew is starting
to lose it on this ship.
We just had a near
riot in the mess hall.
People have been fighting
all over this ship.
and you’re in here
getting your beauty rest?
What should I be doing?
I’m officially naming you head
of ship wide mental health.
You can start having sessions
with anyone who needs.
Whoa. Oh. uh. hold on.
Um. I’m flattered.
but I’m certainly not
qualified for that.
I’m on board to be the
celebrity face of the mission.
In case you missed it. this
ship isn’t exactly camera ready.
- I need you in a new role.
- Look. I was a TV relationship specialist.
I talked about sex and who’s
doing who and how often.
And you’ve published
how many books?
Self-help books. You
could write those.
A five-year-old could.
I’m not qualified.
I wouldn’t even
know where to start.
I saw you talk Eva off a ledge.
- You’re good. Yes.
- That?
I was winging it. I lied.
No idea who her boyfriend
was. Never been to that park.
Well. keep winging
it. You’re good at it.
And if I refuse?
Look. we both know the real
reason you’re on this ship
is because you knew
people in high places.
Well. the highest placed
person you know now is me.
and I’m telling you you’re gonna
carry your weight around here
one way or another.
I could reassign
you to a position
in waste management
if you’d prefer.
Gross.
Fine. I’ll do it.
And from what I’m seeing here.
you’ll be my first patient.
Oh. you have no idea.
But if I’m going to do this.
there are a few
things I’ll need.
Keep an eye on that
support structure.
I’m not
worried about it.
The only damaged part
is already broke off.
Just keep an eye on it anyway.
I’m monitoring stress
stability here.
So far. it all looks fine.
All right. target reached.
You know. this doesn’t look
like an impact pattern.
Most of the steel is melted.
like it touched the sun.
There’s some kind of crystal
thing wedged in there.
I see a few of them.
They look like diamonds.
What the hell?
Aye. they look like diamonds.
Checking compressive strength.
Oh. that can’t be good.
- Get back to the airlock.
- It’s melting my glove.
Get back here now before
it breaches your EMU.
Lane. the glove’s
fingers are nearly off!
Brice. cinch the wrist. keep
the rest of the EMU sealed.
- Your skin will freeze.
- I’m coming in hot!
Seal the wrist! I’m pressurizing now.
Oh. no!
Don’t... don’t get too close!
Damn it!
I hate it when Garnet’s right.
You’ve got substantial frostbite
and you’ve lost most of the
first three layers of dermis.
But it should grow
back good as new.
You sure none of that
stuff is still on me?
- No sign of it.
- Any idea what could’ve caused this. doc?
- Some kind of acid?
- No clue. I haven’t seen anything like that.
Whatever it was. it must
not react with human skin.
or I imagine Lieutenant
Brice wouldn’t have any left.
You gave me your word you
wouldn’t perform an EVA.
- I lied.
- We were just trying to give the crew
some of the answers
they deserved.
And did you get any
answers for them?
Well. unfortunately not yet.
But you know what you did do?
You showed them just how out
of control their leadership is.
If we can’t respect each
other. trust each other.
if we can’t work together...
then why should they trust us
to make sure they
survive out here?
Now. I don’t know about you.
but I’m going on 52
hours without sleep.
- Same.
- Aye. me. too.
Only 52? Must be nice.
Lack of sleep is probably
contributing to our bad attitudes.
I suggest we get some rest.
Well. I won’t fight you on that.
You should give one of the
shifts a sleep break too.
Attention. all hands.
This is Lieutenant Garnet
speaking for Lieutenant Lane
and Lieutenant Brice as well.
We just wanted to say how
proud we are of this crew
and how hard you
have all worked.
Things are stabilized for now.
so. crew shifts one
and two. take leave.
get five hours of rest. and
then we will trade shifts.
We’ll convene in the
ready room in five hours.
That okay with everyone?
I can’t. I have patients.
- Some of us are shift one.
- Keep working.
We’re all hot and
exhausted and thirsty.
You’ll be a lot more thirsty
if we don’t get
the system working
to reclaim some
of the lost water
from the floors
in the bioshelter.
toilet water. gray water.
and make it all drinkable.
If we get it up to
90% of capacity.
it buys us at least a few weeks.
which beats the hell out of
running out of
water in two days.
Yeah. okay. You’re right.
Good. Now release the
pressure on valve 2A.
Since you’re wounded. I’ll let you
take the bed. I’ll take the floor.
- Ah. you’re the one with the head injury.
- Just take the damn bed.
Oh. you are a gentleman
and a scholar. my friend.
Are you two handsome
men here for a session?
- We’re here to grab some shut eye.
- What are you doing here?
Well. if you’re not
here for a session.
then I’m sorry. but
you’ll have to go.
- Who told you you could move in here?
- Commander Garnet.
- Of course.
- It’s Lieutenant Garnet.
She asked me to conduct
therapy sessions
with the crew. and I told her
I would need a private
room in which to do so.
Well. she didn’t have the
authority to give you this room.
Well. nonetheless. I’m here.
So if you wish to spend
time in this room.
I suggest you make an
appointment for a session.
I’ll take you two
separately or both at once.
I bet you will.
Hey. hey.
Do you mind. James? They only
gave me five hours to sleep.
I’m sorry. Jelena. Could you maybe
move over and share your bunk?
- I won’t take much room.
- No funny business?
No. No. no. no. no. no.
Look. I just... I
really need to sleep.
You can have mine. Lieutenant.
Oh. no. That’s okay.
You need sleep. too.
No. it’s no problem. I’ll
sleep in the bioshelter.
Huh.
Thanks. kid.
- How’s the pressure?
- Eight PSI.
- A little low. but in range.
- Let’s crank it up.
Fingers crossed.
30 PSI. 35.
37 and holding.
Can we get it up any more?
I don’t think so.
I wish you would’ve
taken the cryopod
next to mine like I asked.
’Cause right about now I
could really use some council
from someone who
understands my situation.
Central
council to Cent-Com. please.
as soon as possible.
- How’s your hand?
- It’s all right. I’ll live.
Thanks you all for coming. Hope I
didn’t pull you from anything important.
I was dreaming I was
having a nice cold bath.
- Yeah. mine was a swim in a pool.
- What’s this about. Eva?
We got the water reclamation
system working again.
- Good!
- Don’t get too excited.
The best we could do
is 62% efficiency.
Why do I get the feeling
that’s not enough?
I reclaimed all the
water from hydroponics.
waste water. gray water.
I even drained the
coolant system.
With all that. I bought us one.
maybe two days of
drinking water.
So that means we only have
four days of water left.
Unbelievable. One damn
knife dumped in a water tank
is going to kill us all.
- How do you know that?
- What?
I haven’t told anyone where the blade
was introduced to the water system.
How do you know?
When you said you shut
down the coolant system.
did you mean the
engine coolant system?
- Yes.
- We’re dead in the water.
What the hell were you thinking?
I was thinking we can
continue to run the engines
even though we
have nowhere to go
or we can have an extra couple
of days of drinking water.
So you chose more days of life.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm